Skip to content Continue reading the main story Skip to content Sections SEARCH U.S. International Canada Español 中文 Today’s Paper World U.S. Politics N.Y. Business Opinion Science Health Sports Arts Books Style Food Travel Magazine Real Estate Cooking The Athletic Wirecutter Games World U.S. Politics N.Y. Business Opinion Science Health Sports Arts Books Style Food Travel Magazine Real Estate Cooking The Athletic Wirecutter Games LIVE May 14, 2023, 1:44 p.m. ET Turkey’s President Awaits Results After Tough Re-election Fight Recep Tayyip Erdogan, a towering figure in Turkey who has vexed Western allies, is facing a fierce political challenge. Initial results are coming in. Here’s what to know about Sunday’s vote in Turkey. 5 min read In Turkey’s earthquake zone, voters slammed President Recep Tayyip Erdogan and said they wanted a change. IstanbulElection committee counting ballots. Sergey Ponomarev for The New York Times IstanbulCounting envelopes of ballots. Sergey Ponomarev for The New York Times IstanbulOutside a polling station. Sergey Ponomarev for The New York Times IstanbulCasting a ballot. Sergey Ponomarev for The New York Times AntakyaArriving to vote at a polling station. Getty Images/Getty Images IstanbulA banner for the governing Justice and Development Party. Yasin Akgul/Agence France-Presse — Getty Images AnkaraPresidential candidate Kemal Kilicdaroglu leaving a polling station. Bulent Kilic/Agence France-Presse — Getty Images DiyarbakirAn elderly voter being helped at a polling station. Metin Yoksu/Associated Press AnkaraElection workers preparing ballots. Adem Altan/Agence France-Presse — Getty Images IstanbulA polling station. Sergey Ponomarev for The New York Times IstanbulPresident Recep Tayyip Erdogan before casting his ballot. Pool photo by Umit Bektas AntakyaA banner for the opposition Republican People's Party. Tolga Sezgin/Getty Images AntakyaA line of voters outside a polling station. Can Erok/Agence France-Presse — Getty Images As Ukraine Makes Inroads in Bakhmut, Devastation Still Reigns The fight for Bakhmut is now the war’s single longest and bloodiest battle. Ukraine is making gains, but Russia controls about 90 percent of the ruined city. 4 min read President Volodymyr Zelensky of Ukraine met with German leaders, praising their massive weapons pledge and seeking jets. 6 min read Tyler Hicks/The New York Times He Told Followers to Starve to Meet Jesus. Why Did So Many Do It? Hundreds were drawn to a remote part of Kenya by a pastor who preached of the End Times. Relatives tried to intervene, but some did not want to be rescued. 8 min read After bodies were exhumed, holes were left in the ground at a mass gravesite in the Shakahola Forest in Kenya. Yasuyoshi Chiba/Agence France-Presse — Getty Images How to Raise $89 Million in Small Donations, and Make It Disappear A group of conservative operatives used robocalls to raise millions, most of which went to pay the firms making the calls and the operatives themselves, The Times found. It’s Been Quite a Week. What Does It Tell Us About 2024? The presidential race has started to crystallize, with flawed standard-bearers, worried political parties and voters unhappy with their choices. 6 min read A Military Base’s New Name Honors a Military Spouse and Mother Fort Benning is now officially Fort Moore, the only U.S. base named for a married couple. 4 min read Arin Yoon for The New York Times Arin Yoon for The New York Times Arin Yoon for The New York Times Arin Yoon for The New York Times The Greatest Wealth Transfer in History Is Here, With Familiar (Rich) Winners In an era of surging home and stock values, U.S. family wealth has soared. The trillions of dollars going to heirs will largely reinforce inequality. 9 min read Karl Russell How MTV Broke News for a Generation MTV News bridged a gap between news and pop culture. As it prepares to shut down, Kurt Loder, Tabitha Soren and others reflect on its legacy. 5 min read Jeff Kravitz/FilmMagic, via Getty Images ‘A Daily Game of Russian Roulette’ As a record number of homeless people die, Abdul Curry fights to stay alive. Erin Schaff/The New York Times Title 42 Pandemic-Era Rule Expires Photos What’s Driving Migration? Migrants’ Pathways Into the U.S. Over Decades, Congress Failed Repeatedly to Address Immigration Dysfunction Legislative initiatives to overhaul immigration policy have fallen flat as partisan differences and other rifts have scuttled attempts at compromise. 6 min read Donald Trump focused on the border in his 2016 campaign. Here are five moments that defined his record on immigration. 5 min read Meridith Kohut for The New York Times The Weekender: 36 Hours in Rotterdam Also in this edition: Why gray floors are everywhere and why people hate them, and how the electric vehicle future has already arrived in Norway. Did you follow the news this week? Take our quiz. What to Watch and Read This Weekend ‘The Mother’ Review: Are You My Sniper? 2 min read The 50 Best Titles to Stream on Disney+ 20 min read The Capitalist Generation’s Space Race 4 min read Emma Cline’s Latest Heroine Is a Call Girl on the Run 4 min read Tina Tona Gone Are ‘Daddy’ Days. These Are ‘Mother’ Times. Online, practically every famous woman is “mother,” a term with deep ties to the L.G.B.T.Q. ballroom community. 6 min read This daughter persuaded the U.S. government to cancel her mother’s debt. 6 min read Listen to our critic’s Mother’s Day playlist, featuring Brandi Carlile, Beyoncé and more. 5 min read Opinion David French When the Rule of Law Fails Us 5 min read Rachel Louise Snyder What Do You Say When the Person You Love Most in the World Returns? 7 min read Michael W. McConnell The Case for Violating the Debt Limit Is Dangerous Nonsense 4 min read Maureen Dowd As Sun Tzu Says, ‘Know the Enemy.’ 4 min read Bill Sammon We’re Asking the Wrong Questions About the Trump Town Hall 4 min read Connie Wang My Name Is Connie. Her Name Is Connie. There Are More of Us Out There. Tom Kane and Sean Reardon Parents Don’t Understand How Far Behind Their Kids Are in School Speeding Up the Update of Our Electrical Grid 5 min read Tish Harrison Warren Managing Screen Time Is a Family Matter 7 min read Nicholas Kristof When One Almond Gulps 3.2 Gallons of Water 4 min read Ross Douthat Trump’s Lesson for the Media and Ron DeSantis 4 min read David Mack Soft Pants: The Post-Pandemic Benefit That’s Here to Stay 5 min read Daniela J. Lamas I Know the Pressure of Being a Doctor. Motherhood Is Something Else. 5 min read Paul Krugman Attack of the Pharma Phantoms 4 min read Jamelle Bouie John Frankenheimer Pointed His Camera Toward the Things We Cannot Escape 6 min read Jessica Grose Dooce and Other ‘Mommy Blogs’ Deserve Credit for Shaping the Internet 3 min read In Case You Missed ItTop picks from The Times, recommended for you Advertisement Continue reading the main story More News Ja Morant Suspended Again for Possible New Gun Video Morant, the star Memphis Grizzlies guard, was first suspended in March after he flashed a gun during an Instagram Live video. 3 min read Rules for Pentagon Use of Proxy Forces Shed Light on a Shadowy War Power Newly disclosed documents include directives for Special Operations forces to manage counterterrorism and irregular warfare surrogate fighters. 6 min read Cyclone Mocha Reaches Myanmar and Bangladesh, Killing at Least 6 A storm forecast to be the strongest to hit Myanmar in more than a decade made landfall near the Bangladesh border, raising fears of a catastrophe. 4 min read Mohammed Abed/Agence France-Presse — Getty Images Analysis: Rocket Fire Disrupts Gaza Cease-Fire. How Long Can a Truce Last? Another violent escalation in Gaza ended in another cease-fire. But it did not completely halt rocket strikes in the region. 5 min read Thailand’s Election: What to Watch and What’s at Stake 4 min read Bill Oesterle, Co-Founder of Angie’s List, Dies at 57 4 min read Sweden Wins a Eurovision Song Contest That Showed Solidarity With Ukraine 3 min read North Carolina Governor Vetoes Abortion Ban but Faces Override 2 min read Biden Warns of ‘Sinister Forces’ Trying to Reverse Racial Progress 4 min read In Pacific Northwest, a ‘Heat Dome’ Is Expected to Drive Up Temperatures 2 min read Tracking Covid-19 › Daily Covid hospital admissions › Avg. on May 12 4,275 14-day change –1% May 2022 May 2023 4,275 Weekly cases › April 27 to May 3 77,263 14-day change –22% May 2022 May 2023 77,263 Weekly deaths › April 27 to May 3 1,109 14-day change –11% May 2022 May 2023 1,109 C.D.C. Covid levels › Your Places United States Covid-19 Coverage Source: Centers for Disease Control and Prevention Well Advertisement Continue reading the main story Culture and Lifestyle Megan Tennell After a Yearlong Dating Hiatus, (Cautiously) Embracing Something New Friendship came naturally to Ande Flower and Veronica Savage. They didn’t foresee the romance that would take them all the way to the “yacht rock” altar. 7 min read How a Film Center’s Head Spends Sundays Jon Alpert, who founded a documentary hub, plays ice hockey or with his dog. 4 min read ‘I Saw a Well-Dressed, Middle-Aged Woman’ Reader tales of New York City in this week’s Metropolitan Diary. 3 min read The Romance Novels We’re Loving in 2023 Our columnist is tracking the year’s sexiest, swooniest reads. 2 min read She Designs ‘Powerful’ Wedding Looks Sally LaPointe’s first bridal collection bucks the constraints of tradition. 4 min read The AthleticIn-depth sports coverage of your favorite teams and leagues. How Shaq’s Mother Became the Guiding Light in the Superstar’s Life Lucille O’Neal’s struggles inspired her son to focus his philanthropic efforts on helping mothers. Solskjaer on Offering Haaland to Manchester United for $5 Million Ole Gunnar Solskjaer, the former United manager, talked about his frustration that United ignored his offer to sign Erling Haaland in 2018. Kevork Djansezian / Getty Images He Transformed a Struggling N.B.A. Team’s Culture. Now, He’s Been Fired. Monty Williams led the Phoenix Suns out of turmoil and turned the franchise around. A new owner is taking the team in a different direction. After Warriors’ Elimination, Where Does the Dynasty Stand? LeBron James’s Game 6 Performance Sends a Clear Message Years After a Stroke, She’s Spending Mother’s Day Cheering Her M.L.B. Son New York Times CookingRecipes, advice and inspiration for any occasion. Advertisement Continue reading the main story Recommendations From WirecutterIndependent reviews for thousands of products. New York Times GamesDaily word and visual games, plus more. Wordle Guess the 5-letter word with 6 chances. Today’s Wordle Review Our columnist reviews the day’s puzzle. Warning: Contains spoilers! 2 min read Digits | Beta Challenge yourself with a daily numbers puzzle. Spelling Bee How many words can you make with 7 letters? The Crossword Get clued in with wordplay, every day. Letter Boxed Create words using letters around the square. Advertisement Continue reading the main story Site Index Site Information Navigation © 2023 The New York Times Company NYTCo Contact Us Accessibility Work with us Advertise T Brand Studio Your Ad Choices Privacy Policy Terms of Service Terms of Sale Site Map Canada International Help Subscriptions